Mecho
======
Time limit  : 3 sec
Memory limit: 32 MB
-------------------

Mecho the bear has found a little treasure - the bees' secret 
honeypot, which is full of honey! He was happily eating his 
newfound treasure until suddenly one bee saw him and sounded 
the bee alarm. He knows that at this very moment hordes of bees 
will emerge from their hives and start spreading around trying 
to catch him. He knows he has to leave the honeypot and go home
quickly, but the honey is so sweet that Mecho doesn't want to 
leave too soon. Help Mecho determine the latest possible moment 
when he can leave.

Mecho's forest is represented by a square grid of N by N unit 
cells, whose sides are parallel to the north-south and east-west 
directions. Each cell is occupied by a tree, by a patch of grass, 
by a hive or by Mecho's home. Two cells are considered adjacent 
if one of them is immediately to the north, south, east or west 
of the other (but not on a diagonal). Mecho is a clumsy bear, so
every time he makes a step, it has to be to an adjacent cell. 
Mecho can only walk on grass and cannot go through trees or hives, 
and he can make at most S steps per minute.

At the moment when the bee alarm is sounded, Mecho is in the 
grassy cell containing the honeypot, and the bees are in every 
cell containing a hive (there may be more than one hive in the 
forest). During each minute from this time onwards, the following 
events happen in the following order:

* If Mecho is still eating honey, he decides whether to keep eating 
or to leave. If he continues eating, he does not move for the whole 
minute. Otherwise, he leaves immediately and takes up to S steps 
through the forest as described above. Mecho cannot take any of 
the honey with him, so once he has moved he cannot eat honey again.

* After Mecho is done eating or moving for the whole minute, the 
bees spread one unit further across the grid, moving only into the 
grassy cells. Specifically, the swarm of bees spreads into every 
grassy cell that is adjacent to any cell already containing bees.
Furthermore, once a cell contains bees it will always contain bees 
(that is, the swarm does not move, but it grows).

In other words, the bees spread as follows: When the bee alarm is 
sounded, the bees only occupy the cells where the hives are located. 
At the end of the first minute, they occupy all grassy cells 
adjacent to hives (and still the hives themselves). At the end of 
the second minute, they additionally occupy all grassy cells 
adjacent to grassy cells adjacent to hives, and so on. Given enough 
time, the bees will end up simultaneously occupying all grassy cells 
in the forest that are within their reach.

Neither Mecho nor the bees can go outside the forest. Also, note 
that according to the rules above, Mecho will always eat honey for 
an integer number of minutes. The bees catch Mecho if at any point 
in time Mecho finds himself in a cell occupied by bees.

Write a program that, given a map of the forest, determines the 
largest number of minutes that Mecho can continue eating honey at 
his initial location, while still being able to get to his home
before any of the bees catch him.

PROBLEM NAME: mecho

INPUT FORMAT:

1 <= N <= 800 The size (side length) of the map
1 <= S <= 1,000 The maximum number of steps Mecho can take in 
each minute

Your program must read from standard input the following data:

* The first line contains the integers N and S, separated by a space.
* The next N lines represent the map of the forest. Each of these 
lines contains N characters with each character representing one 
unit cell of the grid. The possible characters and their associated 
meanings are as follows:

- T denotes a tree
- G denotes a grassy cell
- M denotes the initial location of Mecho and the honeypot, which 
is also a grassy cell
- D denotes the location of Mecho's home, which Mecho can enter, 
but the bees cannot.
- H denotes the location of a hive

NOTE: It is guaranteed that the map will contain exactly one letter 
M, exactly one letter D and at least one letter H. It is also 
guaranteed that there is a sequence of adjacent letters G that 
connects Mecho to his home, as well as a sequence of adjacent 
letters G that connects at least one hive to the honeypot (i.e., 
to Mecho's initial location). These sequences might be as short 
as length zero, in case Mecho's home or a hive is adjacent to 
Mecho's initial location. Also, note that the bees cannot pass 
through or fly over Mecho's home. To them, it is just like a tree.

For a number of tests, worth a total of 40 points, N will not exceed 60.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

Your program must write to standard output a single line containing 
a single integer: the maximum possible number of minutes that Mecho 
can continue eating honey at his initial location, while still 
being able to get home safely.

If Mecho cannot possibly reach his home before the bees catch him, 
the number your program writes to standard output must be -1 instead.

SAMPLE INPUT 1:           SAMPLE OUTPUT 1:

7 3                       1
TTTTTTT
TGGGGGT
TGGGGGT
MGGGGGD
TGGGGGT
TGGGGGT
THHHHHT

OUTPUT DETAILS:

After eating honey for one minute, Mecho can take the shortest 
path directly to the right and he will be home in another two 
minutes, safe from the bees.

SAMPLE INPUT 2:           SAMPLE OUTPUT 2:

7 3                       2
TTTTTTT
TGGGGGT
TGGGGGT
MGGGGGD
TGGGGGT
TGGGGGT
TGHHGGT

OUTPUT DETAILS:

After eating honey for two minutes, Mecho can take steps east, 
north, east during the third minute, then steps east, east,
east during the fourth minute and steps south, east during the 
fifth minute.